## Paper Prototypes
In Week3, we created paper prototypes for both games we designed, so that players and everyone in the development team could understand the core gameplay and mechanics of the games. (2D Jumper: https://youtu.be/Vv2zbfhl6WI
  Cross Fire: https://youtu.be/X4RS6Jgd0k) For example in Twilight Seeker, the core portal mechanic, How to create a portal and how to teleport through it. At the same time, it mimics the change of the game screen according to the movement of the player, which is also one of the possible problems that we need to solve during the development process.

## Feasibility Studies
In addition to the paper prototype, we have also drawn some pictures to illustrate the most important game mechanics, such as the mechanism of defeating monsters and picking up items in Cross Fire, as well as the picture effect of players shooting, which also reminds us that since players need to interact with the map to get different items, Designing a map becomes a much more painstaking process. In Twilight Seeker, the portal mechanic also brought up a lot of other issues to consider, such as controlling the trajectory of bullets and collision detection, how to get bullets to the exact square that the player needs to hit, which led us to the consensus that crosshair should be designed specifically for the map screen.
The gravity factor was also a consideration in the design, with the player needing to fall at normal speed when normally encountering blank parts of the map (i.e. air), and maintaining the same speed when passing through the portal as before.

In the design of paper prototype, we also found that due to the fixed screen size, many parts of the map may be out of the screen, and players may jump and fall, which makes the picture players see on the screen in the vertical direction is updated in real time, which is actually a challenge to the design of our map offset. After discussion, we reached a consensus that the design not only took into account the offset of the map, but also designed the left and right, up and down boundaries for the content displayed on the screen, so that the game's graphics did not change too frequently.